MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 ESG Engine - भारत Edition

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

THIRD-PARTY DATA ATTRIBUTION:
This software uses data from Yahoo Finance (https://finance.yahoo.com/) through 
the yfinance Python library. Yahoo Finance data is used for educational and 
informational purposes only. If Yahoo Finance requires removal of their data 
usage, please contact the project maintainers and we will promptly comply with 
any takedown requests or modify the data sources accordingly.

The use of Yahoo Finance data is subject to their Terms of Service:
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/terms/otos/index.html

Users of this software should ensure their usage complies with Yahoo Finance's 
terms and conditions. The project maintainers are not responsible for any 
violations of third-party terms of service.
